I have made up my mind
Dismiss the harem from today
Only Concubine Yuan is left
The emperor must never dismiss the harem
Bad for Jiangshan design?
Please think twice
The emperor's concubine must not ignore the safety of the world
No way!
Yes, Your Majesty, this is not good for the Empress
Fear of infamy
Please also ask the emperor to think twice
Are you going to disobey the decree?
I refuse to wait
The emperor's concubine only asks the emperor to have a concubine in his heart
No need to dismiss the harem
Empress wise
The Empress is by the Emperor's side
The country is naturally peaceful
The company of the emperor and the empress is a blessing in the world
People eat blessings
The emperor's widow sees that the empress can sacrifice her own interests
For the sake of safety
You can seal the concubine so that you can preach my will and obey my decree
Yuan Concubine Virtuous Shude
Diligence and submissiveness
Gentle behavior
Shude Hanzhang
elegant and quiet
Deep Revitalization
Specially awarded as Concubine Huang Gui
admire this
Concubine
Thank you Emperor for spoiling me Emperor for so many years
I, Yao Mo, have finally returned.